Henrique Medeiros dos Reis

May/1/2020
	Started final project, following the instructions that were given in the handout.
	First start to think about how to create an array of lists where all of this will be templeted. I will start by building the HashTable class and think about what I will need to use in order to handle the methods that are needed.
	After building the .h file, I will start writing the insert method, following the instructions for what this method needs to do.
	I wrote some of the methods in the .cct file, the first problem I encountered is to how to convert an iterator to a pointer, as it is now I am returning a reference, but I am not sure that this will work. I will keep this as is now and test a lot, since most all my methods are depending on the find method, which is using this return with a reference. 
	I still need to write the print and the operator<< methods before start to test and debug this. 
	
May/2/2020
	I will start today by writing the print and operator<< methods, also I will need to add some instance varibles to my HashTable class, since in the printing it is asking some more things. Instead of simply using _N for the maximum size and a list variable inside of each piece of the array, I will also need a _n variable that will control the number of value curently in the table.
	It looks like everything but the empty numbers are correct, I just tested with integers until now. From now on I need to test with other objects and fix the empty part.
	It turned out that I was doing the wrong divission, instead of dividing _N by emptySpaces, I needed to divide emptySpaces by _N. Also, I need to fix my remove method and incorporate the variable _n to it
	Now everything is working perfectly for Integers, tomorrow I will start testing with the book objects, I had problems with it at the first moment because of the methods that are constant in the book class and are being called by non constant methods inside my program.

May/3/2020
	I tested everything with different classes, but I coudl not make it work with the class that the professor passed. However my code looks right and it is working in different classes. I will ask for help to fix that.
	It turned out that there were two problems, the first one was that I did not have a .h file in my folder. And the seccond one was the way I was compiling, I was trying to compile only the main.cpp file, when i actually needed to compile both together with the call "g++ -Wall -ansi -pedantic main.cpp Book.cpp".
	In order to finish this project, I need to write comments and check a little more.
May/5/2020 
	Done
